Update the Repo README & several charts README (#948)
streamnative/charts: charts/pulsar/README.md

# Apache Pulsar Helm Chart (Deprecated)

> > Note: This Apache Pulsar Helm Chart has been deprecated and we recommand to use [streamnative/sn-platform](https://github.com/streamnative/charts/tree/master/charts/sn-platform) to provision and manage the Apache Pulsar on Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**
>
> This Apache Pulsar Helm Chart has been deprecated and we recommend using [streamnative/sn-platform](https://github.com/streamnative/charts/tree/master/charts/sn-platform) to provision and manage the Apache Pulsar on Kubernetes.
```
